hello today we have the second episode
project quadrics finally come to me already
came the engines and we can you
start assembling quadrocopters
d35 3014 1100 kiwi engine
let's see what boxes are you
motor specification manual
motor is essentially low thought to be
above only 30 millimeters height
I think that it will be normal as we
there is a bag with mounting accessories
for motor mount and screw
as for the pass it was taken
decision to use
activate chrome chrome legs
okay this is a joke but were found
metal corners
Already drilled the necessary
holes but no i think that
there is no need because the paddle
good quality highway
but very gently I think it will be good
absorb quadrocopter when landing
and so don't waste your time let's
move on to the finished model this
quadcopter fully assembled and ready
flight let's see stock where u
watchman and so four engines around the edges
Rays speed control set
inward between the upper and lower plates
flight controller we have on such
sum millimeter plastic
spacer between them not between
the controller is also installed
foam washers and I think that they
help to spend part of the vibration
unwanted if i certainly have arisen
principle screws and balanced so
Problems not as a fixer should not be taken
be receiver also mounted on top
bottom installed highway and battery in
general standard configuration and so with
what problems did i encounter first
the problem is that in one of
engines were bad soldered one
connector
I had to re-solder the second problem
originated when connecting regulators
speed controller flight controller
flight must be powered by the first
speed controller
but unfortunately the power cables are installed
and not the first time regulators 3g
to get out of this situation you can
just flip the power cord out of 3
regulator in the first or just like i did
just swap the first 3 knob
in places but it also needs to be changed
motor connection to the regulator
speed i.e. the first engine should
be connected to the third controller a
third engine
first to the regulator in general so i got out
this situation if someone has problems with
connection please contact
she today everything in the next video we
fly around quadcopter try to choose
some interesting place for that if
do you have any questions wishes
comments please leave them in
comments under the video thank you all for
attention and see you next
friday